.\" insights-client.conf - Red Hat Insights
.TH "insights-client.conf" "5" "" "Red Hat Insights Configuration" ""
.SH "NAME"
insights\-client.conf \- Red Hat Insights client configuration

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fBinsights\-client.conf\fP file contains configuration information for \fBinsights\-client\fP, the client for the Red Hat Insights service. This file is in an INI style format, option=value, default or example values are shown below.

[insights-client]\&
.IP "loglevel=DEBUG"
Change log level, valid options DEBUG, INFO, WARNING, ERROR, CRITICAL.
.IP "auto_config=True"
Automatically attempt to configure connectivity to Red Hat Insights. If an RHSM or Satellite subscription is detected, CERT auth will be automatically selected.
.IP "base_url=cert-api.access.redhat.com:443/r/insights"
Base URL for API Interactions.
.IP "proxy=http://user:pass@192.168.100.50:8080"
URL for the proxy.
.IP "auto_update=True"
Automatically update the dynamic configuration.
.IP "obfuscation_list="
Specify which data types should be obfuscated in the data collection.
.IP "display_name="
Display name for this system.
.IP "ansible_host="
Ansible hostname for this system.
.IP "cmd_timeout=120"
Timeout for commands run during collection, in seconds.
.IP "http_timeout=120"
Timeout for HTTP calls, in seconds.
.IP "core_collect=True"
Use Insights Core to perform the data collection when True. This option is provided for compatibility only and will be deprecated in a future release.
.IP "redaction_file=/etc/insights-client/file-redaction.yaml"
This file can be used to omit files or commands from the collection.
.br
See /usr/share/doc/insights-client/file-redaction.yaml.example or https://access.redhat.com/articles/4511681 for information on how to use it.
.IP "content_redaction_file=/etc/insights-client/file-content-redaction.yaml"
This file can be used to omit lines or keywords from files and commands in the collection.
.br
See /usr/share/doc/insights-client/file-content-redaction.yaml.example or https://access.redhat.com/articles/4511681 for information on how to use it.
.IP "tags_file=/etc/insights-client/tags.yaml"
Location of the tags file for this system.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR insights-client (8)
\&
